contributing: Improve where doc is located (#2535)
OSGeo/grass: CONTRIBUTING.md

git rebase upstream/main
```

> Notably, you should not make commits to your main branch,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notably, you should not make commits to your local main branch,
```

> so the above is than just a simple update (and no actual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so the above is then just a simple update (and no actual
```

rebase or merge happens).

> ### Update if you have local branches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update if you have local changes
```

Submitting Guidelines at
<http://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/Submitting>.

### Testing changes

Testing helps to ensure that the changes work well with the rest
of the project. While there is many different ways to test,
usually you will want to compile the source code (see below),
add test code (using _grass.gunittest_ or pytest), and run code
linters (automated code quality checks).

> There is a series of automated checks which will run you pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a series of automated checks which will run on your pull request
```

> after you create that later on. You don't need to run every one of these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after you create one. You don't need to run all these
```

> checks locally and some of these may fail for your code. This is a part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checks locally and, indeed, some of them may fail for your code. This is a part of
```

> the standard iterative process of interating changes into the main code,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the standard iterative process of integrating changes into the main code,
```

> so if that happens, just see the error messages and go back to your code
> and try again. If you are not sure what to do, let other know in a pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so if that happens, just see the error messages, go back to your code
and try again. If you are not sure what to do, let others know in a pull
```

request comment.

> There are some steps you can do locally, to improve your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there are some steps you can do locally to improve your code.
```

For Python, run `black .` to apply standardized formatting. You can

> also run linter tools such as Pylint which will suggest you how
> you may improve your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also run linter tools such as Pylint which will suggest different improvements 
to your code.
```

GRASS GIS maintainers use additional workflows besides the one described
above. These are detailed at <https://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/HowToGit>

## Compilation

More often than not, in order to test the changes, you need to create
a runnable binary program from the source code,
using the so-called "compilation step". While the
source code consists of thousands of C and Python files (plus HTML
documentation and other files), the included "makefiles" tell the build system to
generate binaries from the source code in the correct order, render the
manual pages, etc.

The way to install the compiler tools and Python depends on the operating
system. To make this easier, we have collected copy-paste instructions

> for most operating systems in our wiki:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to install dependencies and compile GRASS source code for most operating systems.
Please see our dedicated wiki:
```
